---
title: Compensation
---
# Compensation

> We tend to see ourselves primarily in the light of our intentions, which are invisible to others, while we see others mainly in the light of their actions, which are visible to us.<cite>John Godolphin Bennett</cite>

We want you to be rewarded for your work as fairly as possible, and in an organization like ours we could not leave such an important decision to a single person. In Manas, your salary is not decided by your boss (there are no bosses), or calculated as a function of a 182-question survey where your teammates rank you from 1 to 5.

Salaries at Manas are calculated as the sum of 4 components:

1. The **basic salary component**: it accompanies the [cost of living](https://airtable.com/shrOSKOOWT3GyLdlR/tblrRXSvO4swGmleE) in the capital of the country where you live, and is calculated as a function of rent + services, food and transportation.
2. The **competencies component**: this component accounts for professional capacities, according to our [competencies rubric](https://rubric.manas.tech/), which describes said individual capacities across different areas, techniques, organization, interpersonal skills, etc., and the associated expected behaviors, on a scale of mastery for each domain. This scale of mastery is reflected on a [scale of salary multipliers](https://airtable.com/shrHW4tHVmrXveHyQ/tblXdlPKUEfc3eLKs). When incorporating people to the team, we are usually a bit more conservative with the milestones we assign, since these cannot go back. Anyone can ask for a reevaluation of their competencies, at any point in time.
3. The **accountability component** (a.k.a. [Role & Responsibilities](https://airtable.com/shrOu3cg5ErVOMLMz/tblIKC6vHixhGASQK)): it depends on the role you are playing; it can fluctuate as we allow people to decide that they want to spend time as an individual contributor, start or stop coordinating teams, etc.
4. The **peer-review component**: this is meant to decentralize the decisions around salary and to account for things that are not easily measurable, like your attitude, performance, sense of humor and how other people in Manas feel about working with you. The mechanism is simple: everyone at Manas is given a percentage of the total amount of money available for raises, and they decide how to distribute that amount among every other member of the organization. This is done over 3 or 4 rounds, and whatever amount they allocate to you, is incorporated into your salary from that point on. The peer-review component is not maintained from one period to another, though; it is reset back to 0. That means that, if all the other components remain the same, and the peer-review you receive is lower than in the previous period, your salary remains the same than before; in no situation do we lower salaries (unless you decide to change roles or work fewer hours).

The sum of these 4 components determines your full-time salary, in US dollars, and assuming a full-time legal employment relationship. If you decide to [work less than 40 hours per week](https://airtable.com/shrEIEz6rhcwpS1Oz), that amount is adjusted correspondingly. For people under contract, this may vary. Check with Nico, Clari or Lu to evacuate any doubts.